May 4, 2017
	This is the first journal entry of this project. Today, I'm going to figure out what kind I need from SQL in order to 
	complete the database portion of the chatroom.
	Conclusion: I made a folder in the www directory of wampserver. Will need to relearn how to use wampserver and php.
	
May 5, 2017
	Goal: Relearn how to use wampserver and php in order to do the project. Will look through past projects on wampserver to help.
	Update 1: No longer using Javascript for the chatroom. We'll be using Java and Vaadin for the chatroom. The project is also too simple
			  so we'll be implementing voice chat and other features as well. 
		  Victor gave us a series of videos to watch that directly involve the project that we're going to be doing.
		  I'll be watching these videos over the weekend and we will discuss as a group what to do when we come back on Monday.
		  We are no longer using things like wampserver and php, and etc. We'll be using strictly Java.
		  My goal for Monday is to be ready and know exactly what we need and what to do for the project. 
		  
May 8, 2017
	Over the weekend I watched the videos. I understood the general idea and what components are needed for the chatroom. I will have
	to look over the specifics though as we didn't learn some of the stuff in class. This class period, I will be looking into voice 
	chat and ways to implement that into the chatroom. Our project also revolves around basically one computer communicating with another
	so two classes will have to be made with different code. It seems that the majority of this week's class time will be devoted to 
	learning and understanding parts we need to have our classes come together and work properly.
	Conclusion: More research required.
	
May 11, 2017
	Finishing up the videos. Starting to understand more about what is needed for the project and how the server-side code is going 
	to interact with the client-side code. 
	Goal: Finish up all the videos and fully understand everything. I'm implementing emojis into the chatroom so I will also need
		  to start research on how to detect and change character inputs when it detects characters that could make an emoji.

May 12, 2017
	Starting research on how to import images into the chatroom and I'll be working with Mahin on that because he is importing
	pure images and I'm importing tinier images for the emojis. 

May 16, 2017
	I'm going to be importing an emoji library and using they're unicodes and String characters to detect them in order
	for it to change dynamically in the text area.

May 17, 2017
	Downloaded jar files for the emoji library and will import the libraries into the project. Also started making methods
	for checking and changing characters in the string message into emojis.
	
May 22, 2017
	Added emoji jar files into a new folder in the SymposuiumServerSide and SymnposiumClientSide projects.
	I'm going to test the methods out and see if it works and how I can implement it into our current code. If it works I'll 
	start implementing them into the methods I am creating. 

May 23, 2017
	Adding the jar files creates errors. I will have to do some research on how to fix it. My goal is to have the jar files working 
	with our code.
	
May 24, 2017
	I got the jar files working with the base code we wrote for the chat app. I was missing java-json. Everything is working together 
	now and I should be able to create the methods. A little problem I saw was that the console displayed mystery boxes instead
	of the actual emoji face. I could fix this problem after I make sure my methods work after I finish them. My goal for now 
	is to create my Emoji dectecting methods so that I can go through an input that a user types and be able to change any 
	symbols they type(i.e :() into the actual emoji for it. 
	
May 25, 2017
	Emoji method works for the most part. Bugs that occur now are that the messages that each person writes to each other
	only shows up on the writer's side of the chat. Emojis also change for the reciever but is still the original String
	for the writer. Goals are to fix these problems.
	
May 30, 2017
	Veeraj worked with me in trying to find out how to import custom fonts into JFrame. I'm installing a custom font that supports emojis
	so that the actual emoji will show up in the messages. Goals are to find a solution and to finish up other emoji methods.

May 31, 2017
	I updated and finished the method I was working on. Font and other bugs in the app are still present. I'm going to focus on completing the methods
	first and debug and such when the group merges everything.

June 1, 2017
	I created a method that allows the user to manually type in an emoji they want into his message and display the emoji in the message.
	We decided that all bugs would be resolved together when we merged our branches.
	
June 5, 2017
	Working on a new method that would check the message for everything(emoji symbols and manual emoji term) and change the entire message
	into the message with the corresponding emojis. Goal is to finish by tomorrow.
	Note: Need to remind Nockles to help with font.

June 6, 2017
	Fixed problem with message not showing up on both sides unless there is an emoji in it. Method now supports manual and sumbol emojis.
	The only problem is that there can only be one emoji per message in order for it to work properly. If there are more than one
	emojis in the same message, only one of the emojis will be changed. I just need to install the font now. 

June 7, 2017
	We discussed as a group where we currently are in our project and our progress for our branches. We have decided to start merging
	our branches and fix the merge conflicts that come with it. After we successfully merge everything together, we will fix any bugs
	and problems together (this includes putting the font into the chatroom).

June 12, 2017
	Joyce and I are going to the Symposium now. This class period I asked Tamanna for help for putting in my custom font into JFrame.
	Thankfully she had a solution and she showed me the code I needed to install it. I'm missing a few components for it to work properly
	so I made a new components package in the source folder that will have the classes I need for Tamanna's method to work. My goal is
	to finish the components and have the font working by the Symposium. I also need to merge the others' branches into mine.
